you know every year at the NBA Finals
they hold media date is an event where
all the reporters go to interview all
the players we've been sending to
Guillermo Guillermo to media day for six
years now he's talked to every way Steph
Curry Dwyane Wade came to read they all
stopped Guillermo how many times have
you interviewed LeBron James Sarah my
hero
no tot he's kind of like Guillermo zone
Matt Damon but this time
Guillermo had a different plan this time
instead of chasing LeBron around
Guillermo made it known that this time
he wouldn't be talking to LeBron hi it's
me Guillermo I'm back here at the NBA
Finals and guess who else is back LeBron
James not bad hombre he never talked to
me and LeBron just one question this
year I'm gonna flip the script on and
then I'll talk to me bran let's go
how he liked it I want I wanna
congratulate you you make it to the
final again 33 years in a row
yes sir she all right so this year it's
different
you guys got Kevin Durant yeah so and
also this year I'm not talking to LeBron
really yeah so Kay I want you to do me a
favor if you see LeBron tell I said he
brought Guillermo is not talking to you
I don't work toward your lingo
no no cool Oh last year everybody take
you hit LeBron in the bones
doctors go butter was fun I just sent
you anything
I felt everybody he didn't know you know
why he doesn't have my balls
oh can you do me a favor and tell the
branch the Emma's not talking to you
this year oh man why don't you why you
just oh no because I'm not talking to
him hey Oscar Christian do the thing
when you take you think Punk Charlie
Brown Kane diem was not talking to you
okay okay all right so you promise no
not-not-not luck guy here I gotta tell
you a joke knock knock who's very high
I'm not pockets with you Brian James
remember you tried ah forget it
yeah I get it are you stretchy enough oh
I could do Church and overboard
yeah okay can you totally Bron James I'm
not talking to him
how appreciate so I got to tell them
milk in your throat
yeah I'm not talking to him he says you
think he is worried about it yeah yeah
he's gonna freak out yeah crystal hey
Kevin I have a ten minute a show it's
called in your shoes okay so I want to
be in your shoes
he's freaking out that I'm not talking
to him yeah I think on the bus ride over
he's pretty quiet so I don't know what's
going on I don't know if it's you or
yeah I'm giving me the cold shoulders
I'm not talking okay all right yeah just
it all right so if you see him comment
PM was not talking to you okay I don't
have a lot of love for him not yet oh
hello would you wear my shoes hi dude
but let me hear how are you gonna stick
to in the Brawn I bet your bra hey man
then what's going on hey I just wanted
to say um I don't think Jeremy was
speaking to you so uh you know he told
me to let me pass it on oh that's too
bad I got a pretty fast aha
I cannot when you brought a was old man
this boy shower together
boy are you out ready to tell me yeah
Moe's not talking to you no more what
why not man could you ever spoke to me
seven years it was freaking out because
I'm not talking to him he's a little
disappointed he was hoping that you
would go over to him first but I think
he understands that me and you have that
relationship
hey you brought I still not talking to
you okay then you I'm not talking to you
Brian and there's nothing he can do
about it keep speaking out
you block just one question
that's a good one right there hey LeBron
and your brawn how are you we're on the
rock can you take a selfie with me rocky
block Ron Ron Ron if you brought are we
okay oh we're not talking to you here on
we're not talking to you so he knows we
want to talk to me but it's not going to
happen no this time well that's it I
didn't talk to me bran Misha our
conferences until next year bye
thank you here sorry
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever